## Subresource Integrity

If you are loading Highlight.js via CDN you may wish to use [Subresource Integrity](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Subresource_Integrity) to guarantee that you are using a legimitate build of the library.

To do this you simply need to add the `integrity` attribute for each JavaScript file you download via CDN. These digests are used by the browser to confirm the files downloaded have not been modified.

```html
<script
  src="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/highlight.js/11.9.0/highlight.min.js"
  integrity="sha384-xBsHBR6BS/LSlO3cOyY2D/4KkmaHjlNn3NnXUMFFc14HLZD7vwVgS3+6U/WkHAra"></script>
<!-- including any other grammars you might need to load -->
<script
  src="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/highlight.js/11.9.0/languages/go.min.js"
  integrity="sha384-WmGkHEmwSI19EhTfO1nrSk3RziUQKRWg3vO0Ur3VYZjWvJRdRnX4/scQg+S2w1fI"></script>
```

The full list of digests for every file can be found below.

### Digests

```
sha384-uBlc/xEFeDxZmBU7K/YWwi3ryXQrLQCAY2K1Dl3OD2DaAQBZZTt6Ew3aeDP20ix0 /es/languages/bash.js
sha384-4qer4rJCVxZjkwD4YaJfOnT2NOOt0qdjKYJM2076C+djiJ4lgrP1LVsB/MCpJSET /es/languages/bash.min.js
sha384-Sp8E1Lb9fNhbvqBiogM60TCgpAIwYBi8WbHhIHcXO0bR5Z+9LeYwpDa1gkjzU99W /es/languages/csharp.js
sha384-huUb4Ol37G1WrtGV7bn1UArXcJSjD4tQswMGzgpNZYAPxR74MHTqW79z1dXWMvhk /es/languages/csharp.min.js
sha384-DA5ii4oN8R2fsamNkHOanSjuN4v7j5RIuheQqnxMQ4cFnfekeuhwu4IdNXiCf+UU /es/languages/css.js
sha384-OBugjfIr093hFCxTRdVfKH8Oe3yiBrS58bhyYYTUQJVobk6SUEjD7pnV8BPwsr8a /es/languages/css.min.js
sha384-/wYGIAWwdVeBvXFBq3HUPpdw6KUhW3wMMXruGXWjhlYT/IruTWojBeoPUbpGXaf5 /es/languages/dockerfile.js
sha384-DQdaFTXRCa9EQdAkBCHnMAhAomUgizSpJPmuCzoaDJMAshvgxlJF5d7J/ysvc6f/ /es/languages/dockerfile.min.js
sha384-CKR1L8zV+xW7x1ew3V6y1VNG5KK+PhSS3XuxR32anU4uXx52Sr6xhQIzLo+P56Tq /es/languages/dos.js
sha384-Lr5UvDlMpLCSLEdIc9Jbe7lSHTs1UqFkGAwkacIOzl/Vx34B82LFi+2CeClz1zC/ /es/languages/dos.min.js
sha384-+Knm0ftuanxtMyjy6F060PlVQeYLBYyhRSdUrERbAjlJcHv2XTwe2gbWB3omFV5h /es/languages/excel.js
sha384-R5EduCTSW2/YlL/qKgN18FII8GE9/D4fJnSNpih/gNUzPDoiu8intnPNdulWELkT /es/languages/excel.min.js
sha384-PlRlnTHneMtJbkTa3EfvlRQdjmWK3/QGPB1XcD9Gq81/BMvsOahBaxCiSqOPDtnv /es/languages/fsharp.js
sha384-B1ZRrYmfEhHwYo+zuVPZpMfzy6cQt14Vvsbz0ZgQaJfZotA1AjdYP0C+zvN39Czh /es/languages/fsharp.min.js
sha384-7m427rj9OYl8KKObOk+aD0QhXmqXy6hU/sHGS6OUwW9hRiiHvr+tLTbLiSJYbIyD /es/languages/http.js
sha384-GdKwMgTrO0R3SPXhm+DuaN3Qr7WkqYmmTClINAGPuV/BUPE9WUI/WnTEntp522Sl /es/languages/http.min.js
sha384-WCznKe2n87QvV/L1MlXN+S8R6NPUQGU34+AqogMuWGZJswSD6rt3Mgih+xuKlDgm /es/languages/javascript.js
sha384-eGsBtetyKPDKaLiTnxTzhSzTFM6A/yjHBQIj4rAMVaLPKW5tJb8U6XLr/AikCPd+ /es/languages/javascript.min.js
sha384-12GbYFzdyZCSmfBTmO2CR/qE89K5uE1PEuJ3QUwXH0Q9u+uoLNigjH9dG7LAxxiI /es/languages/json.js
sha384-+DT7AtubDhVDciRc6CgjJJRsCt0L8NC3Dh8n9Tj2tZWU8rWxDIj1ViubmUDn8OCY /es/languages/json.min.js
sha384-PpU3S+yZJ1Gj2R7L/OgTgkKELQOf7F1VcbaAEJwSFSM9lw2ON2wxq1FvUcUlm9ne /es/languages/powershell.js
sha384-pBczxETXXX/Ne92jpBviT47DPiv27FLNtvs0aMZH3W7rYXdwgf1gWg3pH4NmNC2V /es/languages/powershell.min.js
sha384-rBAFhyrcRcMNbVJ9g4k5y3eQDkjGdgoOb3oTWTbHgwyUgUNv3CK9wLsGy/d+52oa /es/languages/sql.js
sha384-8G3qMPeOeXVKZ0wGzMQHgMVQWixLw3EXFAcU+IFNLRe0WoZB5St3L3ZLTK62Nzns /es/languages/sql.min.js
sha384-CS3qiWid6Sod3yAiQwgPzy2ZerR00u/cwhnMxQrETuI74o006r1p5qj1U9Gdo4uD /es/languages/typescript.js
sha384-HHgazax8ozQ9RDWlJQyaFzaTk/OgTFRVHH+lcaYInkE8wVu5fnpkqkB3KUdzKcvE /es/languages/typescript.min.js
sha384-ckZPeKyE8cW29gT8AxdZNWMC96H8wZCpBzPVkyvuqsGIDvYIzEyxJcckwbv/afrk /es/languages/vim.js
sha384-8kEj1LOKOKcz1ifO10aWlws8zNCnrxWFhHS5zWENNU+dOB/z0X/X31StZHBTQ64Z /es/languages/vim.min.js
sha384-OFoR8IZ+CFwcY8plx8HSDZNoCwLxc701CwdNGfoIEhSgwAbwhvInaxnEi3HYTt2Q /es/languages/xml.js
sha384-yFd3InBtG6WtAVgIl6iIdFKis8HmMC7GbbronB4lHJq3OLef3U8K9puak6MuVZqx /es/languages/xml.min.js
sha384-qbbaBGYYg7PdopdWOGj8KdkBosUDY5PAe3aTMJKTqWcriPBJJzCVu5BlwNEwqr9U /languages/bash.js
sha384-ByZsYVIHcE8sB12cYY+NUpM80NAWHoBs5SL8VVocIvqVLdXf1hmXNSBn/H9leT4c /languages/bash.min.js
sha384-8sbRwiU8Ar2M7+w//1u7YiI1e7KsmB4k3QbW/m1IW5FVH51HiOpR7g5QGE3RqTNi /languages/csharp.js
sha384-wWP4JQEhRVshehTP7lUMDn3yhDI2+398vN2QW5LBt1xIpK0Gfu4dPviO8tP9XRo5 /languages/csharp.min.js
sha384-r9czyL17/ovexTOK33dRiTbHrtaMDzpUXW4iRpetdu1OhhckHXiFzpgZyni2t1PM /languages/css.js
sha384-HpHXnyEqHVbcY+nua3h7/ajfIrakWJxA3fmIZ9X9kbY45N6V+DPfMtfnLBeYEdCx /languages/css.min.js
sha384-BBTUoNxAh4TWINjb22cp1mRwwVdcPyF6zzXZ/1EvQ28ls8EIGhlCKeLav689vLdl /languages/dockerfile.js
sha384-H3wUmCndJNBOuIIzcLSr2zLLZYs8PYuw6qKyENk7THEnYQJvOMDBu42P9XsJSRKw /languages/dockerfile.min.js
sha384-4Wih2Lsfyf2mx5BElP+XAeDUzWqwRfa0VefDGmCF7vCposOAa0r5jaf4jVm4/LBK /languages/dos.js
sha384-6+/BHm9a7L7KFZE/myAKBddEjwfPovVtBzDrEu/6VqocfSqvRMyM+Lf3k9n89yGH /languages/dos.min.js
sha384-VnH0twJ1N+XQ4ORynlCOgsH/agkOZpwx6hRkwyopZh4RfUGjOdDGgSZRNF5VMnGo /languages/excel.js
sha384-yZpyX3GaZ2n2wTQboLuT4pMbAyEK+icy793eW60VdZdVZMw5g5jxArbZtFkh+6ri /languages/excel.min.js
sha384-+MzoDtq6oRPjVT31u9PHQJ7pQcmrnmZAH7q6P9XTRaMyiQzYaqq8QB6OusLjKj02 /languages/fsharp.js
sha384-v78fkUxICHap3erbZ72DyAoBlRVfNKVpjsG2fwRS+ELQNoSWDe0ppa1vTktch8gy /languages/fsharp.min.js
sha384-g/lhU6FXH73RQL4eFwkPk4CuudGpbHg6cyVZCRpXft3EKCrcQTToBVEDRStjYWQb /languages/http.js
sha384-wt2eEhJoUmjz8wmTq0k9WvI19Pumi9/h7B87i0wc7QMYwnCJ0dcuyfcYo/ui1M6t /languages/http.min.js
sha384-vJxw3XlwaqOQr8IlRPVIBO6DMML5W978fR21/GRI5PAF7yYi2WstLYNG1lXk6j9u /languages/javascript.js
sha384-44q2s9jxk8W5N9gAB0yn7UYLi9E2oVw8eHyaTZLkDS3WuZM/AttkAiVj6JoZuGS4 /languages/javascript.min.js
sha384-dq9sY7BcOdU/6YaN+YmFuWFG8MY2WYJG2w3RlDRfaVvjdHchE07Ss7ILfcZ56nUM /languages/json.js
sha384-RbRhXcXx5VHUdUaC5R0oV+XBXA5GhkaVCUzK8xN19K3FmtWSHyGVgulK92XnhBsI /languages/json.min.js
sha384-BW3J/7iREOC3EuqJwzGkDJb6FY9bVvkt70ipieV892fYAp8uReDMiO0/lrUPmkzL /languages/powershell.js
sha384-LWJZQx0dgGhEK7snfNYrQs5K+QKD1sOmE02sOQCz4br9UmqSJDvPLoUVFaUyFnjq /languages/powershell.min.js
sha384-Dy7I/j0yJlyliWiNrkNqXfxDrbN65q40s3JColgTYZQ7QJa7lcmK0WUL3i00/T51 /languages/sql.js
sha384-8q00eP+tyV9451aJYD5ML3ftuHKsGnDcezp7EXMEclDg1fZVSoj8O+3VyJTkXmWp /languages/sql.min.js
sha384-yZXtQC/OmWoPykosK7vE1nCvV4E/six6+apjNau4JwBkejkea5nP7VBEJJkGnvoF /languages/typescript.js
sha384-ORwtVEfrCZ0gzGacgmfv1wOtxcPIaVfHKwq8dKQjObRwx3qpKjsSg1ldTu1PEgXd /languages/typescript.min.js
sha384-eq5Hd6gkTe5WGbF4XH+7WuiNnuq2zbdo/CV5idmTs5HIdlT6nsfGAJeb2aBqsRO6 /languages/vim.js
sha384-WcP1nsZR09ttNCYSUJGb4LmXw+/kA1O2iyojERHIrTB7Ou0ONLTsIkFOnFF2Umkj /languages/vim.min.js
sha384-+PuZYFfVX2UQZU2yKt/FsJUZNUPzZWxW7auXltsaecr1xLvzBYF3c5gYoyOs1++x /languages/xml.js
sha384-jgkY4GMNWfQcLLIoP1vg3FWXflDrRhcSXGBW6ONIWC2SOIv5H1Pa57sXs+aomCuZ /languages/xml.min.js
sha384-o1xvJPbmpensZgaDFTJa3AbWBk0BzFlHDSuMutWRQmHDzHYxPIUk/QTPooOaj4G4 /highlight.js
sha384-G6H8SH0FbnoFnzN3v+p0ntDoQ6njqaSbbbvhxdKywKXhn7JeZk0txzIfUqPD2bVR /highlight.min.js
```

